Objectives
Create a server application with Node and Express.
Create a RESTful API using Express.
Create Express middleware.
Use Express middleware.
Use a template engine to render views with Express.
Interact with a self-made API through HTML forms.


Requirement	Weight

Create and use at least two pieces of custom middleware.	5%
Create and use error-handling middleware.	5%
"Use at least three different data categories (e.g., users, posts, or comments)."	5%
Utilize reasonable data structuring practices.	5%

Create GET routes for all data that should be exposed to the client.	5%
"Create POST routes for data, as appropriate. At least one data category should allow for client creation via a POST request."	5%
"Create PATCH or PUT routes for data, as appropriate. At least one data category should allow for client manipulation via a PATCH or PUT request."	5%
"Create DELETE routes for data, as appropriate. At least one data category should allow for client deletion via a DELETE request."	5%

"Include query parameters for data filtering, where appropriate. At least one data category should allow for additional filtering through the use of query parameters.
Note: DO NOT use API keys; this makes it more difficult for instructors to grade finished projects efficiently."	5%
"Utilize route parameters, where appropriate."	5%
Adhere to the guiding principles of REST.	10%

"Create and render at least one view using a view template and template engine. This can be a custom template engine or a third-party engine.
If you are stuck on how to approach this, think about ways you could 
render the current state of your API's data for easy viewing."	8%
"Use simple CSS to style the rendered views.
Note: This is not a test of design; it is a test of serving static 
files using Express. The CSS can be very simple."	2%
Include a form within a rendered view that allows for interaction with 
your RESTful API.	3%
Utilize reasonable code organization practices.	5%
"Ensure that the program runs without errors (comment out things that 
do not work, and explain your blockers - you can still receive partial credit)."	10%
Commit frequently to the git repository.	5%
Include a README file that contains a description of your application.	2%
"Level of effort displayed in creativity, presentation, and user experience."	5%

